“Grit is passion and perseverance for very long-term goals.” — Angela Duckworth
“Practice does not make perfect. Only perfect practice makes perfect.” — Vince Lombardi
“It always seems impossible until it’s done.” — Nelson Mandela
“Do not judge me by my successes, judge me by how many times I fell down and got back up again.” — Nelson Mandela
“The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.” — Chinese proverb
“You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.” — Wayne Gretzky
“"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." — Wayne Gretzky” - Micheal Scott
“Without effort, your talent is nothing more than unmet potential.” — Angela Duckworth
“A champion is someone who gets up when he can’t.” — Jack Dempsey
“All that matters on the chessboard is good moves.” — Bobby Fischer
“There are more adventures on a chessboard than on all the seas of the world.” — Pierre Mac Orlan
“When you see a good move, look for a better one.” — Emanuel Lasker
“Don’t resign unless you are really sure the position is hopeless.” — John Nunn
“If winning, clarify; if losing, complicate.” — Bruce Pandolfini
“The game is far more important than the final result.” — Alexei Shirov
“Setbacks and losses are both inevitable and essential if you're going to improve and become a good, even great, competitor.” — Garry Kasparov
“It's not enough to be talented. It's not enough to work hard and to study late into the night. You must also become intimately aware of the methods you use to reach your decisions.” — Garry Kasparov
“Sometimes the hardest thing to do in a pressure situation is to allow the tension to persist.” — Garry Kasparov
“With every new sunrise, there is a new chance. But with every sunset, you blew it.” — Jack Handey
“If you go through a lot of hammers each month, I don’t think it necessarily means you’re a hard worker. It just means you have a lot to learn about proper hammer maintenance.” — Jack Handey
“In my opinion anyone interested in improving himself should not rule out becoming pure energy.” — Jack Handey
“If you think a weakness can be turned into a strength, I hate to tell you this, but that’s another weakness.” — Jack Handey